
This prints all the messages for a particular day
----------------2013-08-28
Arielle Brackett removed Hong Zhu from the group.
Arielle Brackett added Hong Zhu 2 to the group
Swerve
Thanks for setting this up Arielle. Just to clarify - this group should only be used for humour and to communicate information that needs to be acted on
quickly (30min-1hr), I.e. if info you need to send out is not really time-pressured, send it out via the fb page or the weekly email (thru Arielle).
----------------2013-08-30
If you see me about to stage dive during Krewella, please take a picture or video that's in focus
When will krewella start?
Probably in 20
Krewella is on
Party continues at the Belmont! Who wants a ride?
Warning- post game may not be in the Belmont...
----------------2013-08-31
It's Byob
Jackson Morton is new to GroupMe and hasn't responded, so we stopped sending them messages from this group.
Julian Borrey is new to GroupMe and hasn't responded, so we stopped sending them messages from this group.
It is at our place
Cooper tailgate at 1pm!! Come play kan jam and hang out in section before free food on the main quad and a duke football game!
Arielle Brackett removed Elisa Berson from the group.
Arielle Brackett added Sachin Mitra to the group
Can someone come let me into section?
I got you
Sorry to spam, can someone let me in too?
----------------2013-09-03
Does anyone have a car and would be willing to drive me? I'll buy you lunch!
What time?
Where/what time?
----------------2013-09-04
If anyone still needs a ride to trivia let me know...I'm leaving in a few minutes
----------------2013-09-05
Is anybody doing party monitor training tomorrow at ten?
----------------2013-09-06
I'm at the woman's soccer game if anyone is interested
Lol Austin rivers is here in a neon yellow shirt. Classic
Tell him he sucks for me.
He left so I think a bunch of people already did
Leave together in 5?
I'm at the smart home
thank you, mr. president.
Lol didn't realize this was the group text
----------------2013-09-07
Huge THANK YOUs to whomever cleaned up past night. You made a crippled man walk again.
Snaps for molly and matt!
Agreed!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XT_712Ee1GU
----------------2013-09-08
HELPPP. Does anyone have a LaCie external hard drive cord?
I do actually
----------------2013-09-10
Arielle Brackett added Matt Peterson to the group
Arielle Brackett added Nadine Goldberg to the group
Yo everyone mute your group texts right now or this is gonna get really annoying...
Arielle Brackett added Natalie Atyeo to the group
Arielle Brackett added Quinn Hosler to the group
Arielle Brackett added Rahul Chaturvedi to the group
Arielle Brackett added Steven Heer to the group
Arielle Brackett added Vivienne Lim to the group
Arielle Brackett added Wesley Augustine to the group
Arielle Brackett added Amee to the group
Arielle Brackett added Elisa Berson to the group
Arielle Brackett added Matt Pun to the group
Arielle Brackett added Molly Kuo to the group
Arielle Brackett added Paige Muggeridge to the group
Arielle Brackett added Reem Alfahad to the group
Arielle Brackett added Nandini Srinivasan to the group
Arielle Brackett added Prithvi Prabahar to the group
Arielle Brackett added Ricki Hernandez to the group
Arielle Brackett added Sam Kebede to the group
Arielle Brackett added Susanna Cai to the group
Arielle Brackett added Taylor Imperiale to the group
Arielle Brackett added Victoria Scott to the group
Arielle Brackett added Vikas Kottamasu to the group
Arielle Brackett added Wally Gurzynski to the group
Alright we're all here, you guys can unmute. Sorry for being annoying.
Thanks
Anyone need something small from the grocery store? Offer includes wine or beer
Condoms. Thanks
Arielle Brackett added Taylor Imperiale to the group
----------------2013-09-11
tonight?
Somebody who went to trivia last time: what time should i plan on leaving crowell to get there on time? Everyone else: who wants to ride in my car there
Ill take a ride!!
Or I could drive too if we need more drivers
Quinn Hosler changed the group's avatar
It's in the same plaza as target, so that's like 12ish minutes away? I'd leave at 7:40ish just to be on the safe side tho and to make sure you're there f
or the first round
Completely unrelated: Lydia, can we pay dues in cash?
If I can piggyback off of that, can we pay dues in sexual favors?
Paige Muggeridge is new to GroupMe and hasn't responded, so we stopped sending them messages from this group.
Ricki Hernandez is new to GroupMe and hasn't responded, so we stopped sending them messages from this group.
Cash is perfect. Frank you already paid dues.
Next semester, maybe.
Yeah I did ;)
Lydia how can I get my dues to you?
i currently have a row on the right side (when facing the stage) in page for petraeus. come join me!
Still have any?
Yeah any spots left?
We have 1 spot left
We've got 1 seat in our row but there's room behind us
Coming!
It's taken :/
Any spots left?
theyre gone :/
There are seats upstairs with me! This is what happens when you have class until 5:50
Anyone with dues: im heading to section now and will be there until trivia!
Also new option: youre welcome to pay dues via venmo now. Its under my name.
Does that use your credit card?
Bank account.
Or debit.
Lydia where you at
My room, 307
Lydia, are you still around?
Yep! Also, my number is 9194145338
When does trivia start?
8
Yo were here, anybody else here?
Braden sam and i cant carry this on our own.
Kshipra Hemal added Ashley Heywood to the group
----------------2013-09-12
APPLY TO COMMON GROUND!
Apps due in 16.5 hours btw
It's embarrassing how long that took me to calculate
The one instance in which military time comes in handy
But yes! Apply!!
... 5PM Thursday
If anyone wants/needs a distraction: Www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rm1DRNCEYs
Pshh. This is much better if you haven't seen it:
http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=XT_712Ee1GU&desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DXT_712Ee1GU
I feel so terrible for her...and then I remember she posted it to YouTube
Oh sweetie. That twerking video was a hoax by jimmy kimmel.
Oh...
Is there anyone awake in section  who can let me in?
Yep!
Jk Quinn got me were good!
----------------2013-09-13
Who wants to go swimming?! I'm driving to the central campus outdoor pool at 5 or 530, 6 spots are open!
Last day to pay before ever go up!
YESS! So excited.
*Dues
Emma what exactly are you excited for? Paying more money on Sunday? If so, power to you sista
awkward.......
Also, if anyone wants to come eat chipotle and hang out off campus until 1:30ish. Let me know and I'll pick you up
Friday night bites tonight! Lydia and I will be at pitchfork around 6:45ish, everybody's welcome
That sounds great I'll come!
----------------2013-09-14
What's the plan for going over to Ubuntu tonight?
A bunch of people will probably head out from section together, if everyone wants to meet there?
Does anyone in section have a lighter I can borrow later?
Si si señorita
You tryna smoke?
Yay gracias will you be in your room at like 9 ish?
The only thing im tryna do is light birthday candles lauren -_-
If not I can drop it off now?
Is that what they call it these days? ;)
O yea thatd be perfect my room is unlocked! Thanks again
Dang you figured me out :)
It's on your desk -- I took a piece of gum as payment
LOL.
Crowell Arch show featuring Deja, Speak and a British a cappella group at 8PM! Please come! I'll even introduce you to them but I will not wingman you.
Speak of the devil is performing now!!
Meet in common room in 10?
Sounds good!
Anyone leaving a little bit later?
Im leaving later!
Probably like 10:30-10:45
I'll go with you guys! I'm running a bit late
What you're in cooper?
Yay the more the better
Are we leaving at 1015?
Are you guys at Ubuntu?
Quinn and I are...git over here....
Pulling up to Alexander now!
There's a bus in like seven min if anyone wants to go then!
Shveeeeet I'm walkin ovah
Anyone still in section and wants to leave together?
----------------2013-09-15
RC walking thriugh
Police here hide drinks they're chill tho
Rc here
Going to southpoint at 1, have 2 spots in my car if anyone wants to come!
Rc here?
Sorry that was from last night...
----------------2013-09-16
Arielle Brackett added Julian Borrey 2 to the group
A warm welcome to you Julian Borrey 2
----------------2013-09-17
Anybody wanna play some tennis?
On a day I don't have class til 8 I'd love to
Steven and I actually just got kicked off the courts. Club tennis practices at 5pm on Monday thru Thursday, so you'd have to play before
That's heinous. Oh well, thanks for the heads up!
----------------2013-09-19
Corn hole is here!
!!!!!
Julian Borrey 2 has left the group.
11:11!
----------------2013-09-20
We really need help decorating the common room so if you guys could come by that would be amazing
There are like 3 of us decorating the room right now...
----------------2013-09-21
anybody going to the nasher with me, meet me there in 35!
There's more info for tonight on the fb page-take a look
Anyone else wanna order in tonight?
Yes
Who hasn't eaten yet and wants to in a bit?
Justin and I are getting food in a bit
Donde?
Donde?
Where haha
Oh haha - off campus I think... Chipotle
A group of us are at the loop
U guys still there?
We left sorry...
Did you leave yet
there were four large torches. two are in the common room. where are the other two????
They were all there when I left!!
found em!
I need an artist to come to my room or anyone with a sharpie
Meeting in the common room in 5!
From Lydia: send yo freshmen  to dance
Were lonely
In an effort to concentrate people, africa is closing down.
----------------2013-09-22
Can we all go to pitchfork when this is done? Either before or after the post game
Karaoke in North America
Have u guys gone to pitchfork yet?
Nip
Nope*
Will u guys be goin soon?
After postgame
Did anyone lose a black iPhone 4/4s that doesn't have iOS 7? Wall currently hasnit
Let's do SOMETHING!!!!!!!
Post game in sam's room
But actually
Part monitors- come to sam's room now
I'm in bed, you'll have to physically move me
^What she said!
Going to pitchfork now
^e"erybody come with
A group of us are here
Me and Danielle will meet you there.
Can someone let me into section?
----------------2013-09-23
Interfaith prayer walk for peace in 20mins! Meet at the chapel steps at 8. It'll take <40mins and should be pretty spiritual and special.
Is anyone doing any physics 152 right now?
----------------2013-09-24
LOL. jokes
Snaps to Kragie and Lydia. Taking over the back page of the Chron. And Kragie, don't ever change ??
----------------2013-09-25
Quick reminder for everyone: last day for dues, now $100, is friday! So get em in!
Does anyone in section have a birthday candle and lighter/matches?
People are coming to the football game, right? I already was on east, so I don't know if people are headed over
Sorry I can't I have to study for multi tomorrow
Yep we're here
Anyone want to play racquetball in an hour?
----------------2013-09-26
Anybody wanna hit up the social sciences bbq? Free food at blue express and all majors are welcome
When does this begin??
Yeah I'd come along
I get out of lab at 5, would love to get some BBQ
Starts at 5, where blue express is
fun fact of the day: Karen Owen was in Maxwell!
Anyone want a game of tennis at 6,615?
Yep
Anyone want to go salsa dancing tonight? Were thinking of leaving for Cuban revolution at 10
And trivia before then at 8??
I wanna go to trivia!
Is anyone leaving for salsa from section?
I will be!
Are people coming back to section after trivia? I finished my hw early
Who is at/going to trivia?
A bunch of sophomores! Come!
There's no trivia at Tobacco Road...but we're eating here...
Ok we're going to fullsteam brewery it starts at 9!
Anyone down for a Perkins party tonight?
Yea probably... :(
----------------2013-09-27
Is anyone in exec around section? I have dues
Pay me! In my room
Is anyone male in section planning on not going to homecoming?
Me!
LOL dont think mike  can pass as a frank lee haha
Do you think they'll check tho? Rather than just swipe it
Does anyone have salt I could use for my margarita?
Jk I'm eating cheese fries and pasta. But salt would def be nice..
Anyone taking shots?
... aggressive award goes to Arielle
Make good choices kids
So much judgement!
Audra and I are in her room
Katherine sends her love to you Arielle :)
Picture time!!! Come to the common room
Cooper history lesson: at one point we considered bacchanalia as a party theme. Don't know what it is? Google it
Autris drunk
The backup SLG name for Cooper was Magic Tree House.
But Arielle's not
Truth
Arielle--shots in Everette's room?
I'm not drunk, I'm simply in a lecturing mood
this is why I call him - "The Professor"
Wait frank when did I send my love? I mean, I do, but...
----------------2013-09-28
"I think all my recurring nightmares are based off of spongebob episodes"-Bridget
we're making a target run. should we get anything for tailgate?
Random acapella concert outside section right now!
Pitch perfect in 101 at 11 or if there are too many people we'll go to the common room
Omg YES
Anand: "in the big photo, dicks ball is taking up half my face, on my mouth, and i was closing my eyes. "
----------------2013-09-29
is there anyone in section who could help me carry some pop and water from the service lot in 5 min or so?
Yeah I got you
thanks
okay, im in here
----------------2013-10-04
Is anyone planning on going to chipotle for lunch today? ( between 11:20 and 1)
I was thinking about going for dinner?
Off topic, is tonight's party totally byob?
nope!
Today is so mad beautiful. Who wants to join me and Emma for an adventure around 4pm? Maybe to the quarry! 3 spots r free in my car
Do we have to move our cars today?
Nope!
Anyone up for a joanns run? Probably the cheapest way to get big pieces of fabric!
Hancock fabrics is great too - going there later around 630 if anyone needs a ride!
Yeah I'll probably drive to Joanns after founders day if people want to join me, 730ish
Pregame in ketyers room around 930- head over to east around 10 for the rager. Also an excellent time to get help making a toga - Quinn is offering his toga talents for all.
Fair warning, I have no toga talent
Fair warning, Everett just volunteered you
Quinn has TOP TOGA-TYING TALENT. Also I will be contributing some delicious rum. Lastly, Joey and Rahul are so excited about this party. That is all.
There better be pictures of these togas! I'm stuck on my room finishing a paper thats due at midnight, but if anyone wants midnight pitchfork, I'm your girl!
Need safety pins? I have 72! First come first serve basis
Can I claim some?
Um sorry Ashley I need them all. My toga is very safety pin-intensive.
Sure! Come visit
Random old guys?
False alarm. Ray LI is terrible.
----------------2013-10-05
Anyone down for a beach trip this weekend?
Nah
When?
Hell yeah when??
Thinking Sunday leave in the morning?
I'm in candy land
?
What's wrong with you Camille?
Damn you frank
I'm going to vouch for McDonald's mighty wings right now
Cherche une chambre...
Oh sorry! Wrong number
TEN minutes til sam's cooper conversation!
Vermonters are here! Come to the common room for a continuation of Sams cooper conversation!
Found these items in the closet. Claim them if they're yours otherwise my hoarding roommate might.
Does anyone have a skinny black tie I could borrow? I can't find mine
Ya 
Swing by 204
I'm about to perform in front of grant hill in page. I just felt like sharing
Man Night will resume tonight with a double feature for all interested. The Campaign will be showing a 10pm followed promptly by an 1130 showing of Mean Girls. Warm Vermonster soup will be served at intermission.
Sexist!!!!!
Does anyone have a samsung computer charger PLEASE youll be my favorite
Would anyone be willing to wake up at 7 tomorrow morning? I need some help with a project for an hour or two
----------------2013-10-06
Anyone want to teach a house course? Aimed at first year students and inclusion?
----------------2013-10-07
Does anyone have a basic (non graphing) calculator that I could use this morning?
Does anyone in section have a Mac book pro retina charger?
----------------2013-10-08
Reminder: coop takes chance tonight 7 pm! Please RSVP if you're going
Anyone in section have a corkscrew?
Me!
Anybody down for pitchfork?
----------------2013-10-09
I am
Homemade muffins in the common room!  Happy Wednesday
They are amazing ^
You guys are the best
Thanks Brittany and jess!
Chipotle burritos in the BC today!!
Fo free?!
No but it goes towards a domestic violence shelter in Nicaragua
Do you take flex or food points?
Flex, credit, or cash!
We don't take food points though
No its practically impossible to get things on food points!
Don't worry, Amee. I got this
Free cheese pizza from enzo's in the common room
And by cheese he means pepperoni
^false promises.
http://pizzagifs.tumblr.com
Anyone want a cookout run in ~45? I'll drive
Ill go!
Can someone let me in?
----------------2013-10-10
Just so you all know, parents weekend basketball tickets are on sale right now at Cameron. Apparently know one knew about it because there are still plenty of tickets and no line.
Anyone know where I can get my hands on a vacuum?
Audra and Kathryn have one
How many people are coming to the showing of zindagi tonight?
Depending on attendance, there will be limited subsidizing of Indian appetizers -- I'm basically telling you guys that I'm counting on you.
Served from dales, Julian's favorite place to eat meals paid by his relatives
And my favorite place to eat meals paid for by his relatives too
I'm down for the food.
I'll watch the movie on his behalf
If you make it more if a night time event (post-10), I could go
Headed to section with movie!
What times it start?
The feature presentation is starting now!
Where all my homies at?
That's awkward ...
You're awkward
If only awkwardness was sexy ...
It is ??
----------------2013-10-11
Does anyone wanna play some ball today?
Just So ya know, Wilson courts are closed
What about card?
There was a big game when I was there around noon
Does anyone have an audio jack cord I could borrow for the weekend? The kind you plug into a car or line in on a stereo system and then the other end into a headphone jack
Is there anyone around that wishes to get dinner?
You know who wants to get food
Go eat with her
This is not a group text conversation
I do Sam!
Tropic thunder. Cooper common room. In a little bit.
What without me??
Come back!
----------------2013-10-12
If you are here today I fully expect you to be at the game today- no excuses! Pregame at 12, kickoff at 12:30.
----------------2013-10-17
Don't forget! Tonight, cooper common room will be hosting Ben kent, head of duke's Krav Maga club, for a conversation and lesson on self defense. It's go
ing to be at 8 o clock so swing by after dinner and get excited for ben's cooper convo!
Cooper convo starts now get in the common room!
----------------2013-10-18
Look out! The freshmen have got their lawnchairs for countdown at 830 in the morning. #dukebasketball
Since the brushes r technically cap expenditures
Let me know if you want to join our alpha phi soccer team for tomorrow's tourney from 1-4pm!!!! We have 5 but would like 7 + subs
I can't do it. Too much work
No worries
Tonight we shall resume man night (where all other genders are obviously welcome) with the showing of fast times at ridgemont high followed by the purge. Please know we understand if you can't make it but Logan will be quite upset. Go duke.
That passive aggression was masterful
All are welcome to post countdown festivities at Belmont!
Hersh & Wally Throw a Kegger!
They physically pick up a keg and then chuck it in their apartment
Or we have one here already
And it will sit peacefully
7207 McQueen dr
Is the address
Isn't it 7202?
7202*
That would have sucked for whoever lived in 7207...
I think it's Susanna lol
Naw that's my Asian neighbor....I'm sure they would have loved the company tho
----------------2013-10-19
I like turtles
Tuhdles*
Senior boys! Kevin has your tickets to the fair plus like one or two extra. Juniors! Camille has yours. Amee Reem Molly and I are leaving now. Give one
of us a call when you get there!
If anyone needs a ride to the fair Danielle and I are leaving in 15.
Pledge challenge for Everett... Eat every fried item. Fried kool aid. Fried butter. Fried Oreos. Fried chicken. Fried Mac and cheese. Oh and the Krispy Kreme bacon burger. Need picture proof.
If anyone wants to go to the fair that couldn't sign up there's an extra ticket in the common room.
If anyone wants to go to the fair that couldn't sign up there's an extra ticket in the common room.
Where is everyone?
We're at the village of yesteryear! It's near the entrance. By the church
Meet at the waterfall!
We're here! Where are you
Camille, you still here?
Yes
At the fair?
Do you want to meet up / can one of us ride back with you?
Julian cooper, where the hell are you
Frank Lee, you literally don't exist besides on this group text
Frank Lee is a symbol. He's big brother
----------------2013-10-20
Who has the initials of RL
Ray li?
----------------2013-10-21
Anyone trying to get a game of tennis in? If so, please text me at 949-870-6243
sam, txt me. i have a theater question. 5634994713
Sam is in Jon's room
Chocokate
Does someone have fish wire that I could use or buy off them? (I thought someone had it for hanging flags for Olympic village)
----------------2013-10-22
Sorry, I only have some fishnets :/
----------------2013-10-24
Crossword puzzle clue today: Bacchanalia. Ends in "rgy" and is four letters. Anybody have an idea? Frank?
I was going to guess clergy but you said four letters damn
----------------2013-10-25
Oh easy. Bacchanalia comes from the Greek god Bacchus. And gyros are a type of Greek delicacy. Boom. Don't worry about the order of letters. Order doesn't matter in crosswords
Just a reminder to put your tie in the box if you re a guy going to the brownstone mixer - the tie box will leave the common room and go to bs section at
2:45pm today!
Make sure to call Julian or send him a text if you have any questions about the event. He's very knowledgeable. You're welcome buddy
's senior night!) go out and support!
Fwd from men's soccer: There is a soccer game tonight versus WFU at 7 in Koskinen. We've had a couple good games recently and need a win tomorrow (and it
Anyone want to go to the soccer game with me?
I will. When are you going?
I'm walking there now. I just passed the kville sign
Want me to wait for you?
Ill meet ya at the stadium
Ok
Hi guys!  Molly and I were wondering if anybody would be willing to go to the Lobby Shop and bring us back some ice cream!  We would be so pleased.
This is hazing.
Pregame and ties in my room (308)
----------------2013-10-26
Hey Arielle and I are coming back with pumpkins and food in 10 min, if people could meet us on towerview to help carry things that'd be great!
What food
We're here
Coming
Pumpkins and carving tools are available in the common room for anyone that wants to carve!
Duke Football. Nuff said.
Rose bowl here we come
Pumpkin pie and cake in the common room if anyone wants a piece
Damn it so far away
----------------2013-10-27
Brunch at the Nasher anyone? I can pick you up!
Wait me! Can I get picked up from Central?
Yep!
Anyone want to play tennis today afternoon? I can't really let this day go to waste
Yes! Let's do it, Autri!
Don't you have a biochem paper to do? aka the one I've been working on for the past 72 hours? #anothervictimofsenioritis
Aka the one I haven't started
Awesome Taylor I'm down. And frank I have one section left on that one. Thanks for looking out for me man. I appreciate it
Overachiever #startedyesterday
Shoutout to Hersh for not dropping a hashtag
#youremoreontopofyourshitthaniam
#hershdoesnthavetimeforhashtags
#hehasabiochempapertowrite
I am sorry for the multitude of responses that accompanied my initially benign textual message about tennis. If you would like to discuss the nature of t
his group text further or voice any concerns, feel free to call or text Julian cooper.
you should be sorry autri. this should have been a facebook conversation. #clearlynottimesensitive
Hey guys! Don't forget about the rush interest meeting tonight at 930 in the common room
----------------2013-10-28
Justin/Julian/people going to charles murray: have yall left yet?
I'm heading over from the bus stop meow
Got class unfortunately so can't go
wait flo i'll wait outside section
and walk over with you
Meow? I'm heading straight there from a meeting that is running annoyingly late
Lydia I'll go over with you. I'm getting ready now.
I'm already on towerview wit some others
Ok camille! i'm on the bench
Just got out of class. Hows the murray talk? Is it still going on
Nope finished at 7:15
----------------2013-10-29
Anyone have a superman shirt that I could use Thursday night?
I have a size small but I doubt it will fit you hahha
Will you settle for batman boxer shorts with a cape?
If youre going for a cropped midriff look though youre free to borrow it!
Both great options... If no one else has a superman shirt I'll be in touch
Feel free to text or call Julian if you have further details
Does anyone have a pair of moccasins I can borrow for Thurs - size 8?
Danielle - you're probably the most adorable person alive. Good luck to the orgo 2 crew! You're gonna kill it.
Would anyone be willing to come pick up from student health now? Can barely walk and a ride to section would be greatly appreciated
Sure
I can be there in ten
Thanks Braden! I'll meet you outside
I apparently don't know where it is. How do I get there?
It's down flowers, right after the Allen lot and before Trent. There's a little circle you drive up to to the entrance. My numbers 8609421172
There's two ambulances right outside so look for those!
Just a reminder for Halloween in Franklin street. Literally the best event ever - remember to say whether you are going on the fb event by 7pm tomorrow!!
(When I reserve cabs). It Is also completely open so feel free to invite friends!
Anybody have a ruler that I could borrow?
Free enzos pizza in the common room! Olive, tomato, and goat cheese.
Quarter beers!!!! Please tell me others are going!!!!!
----------------2013-10-30
Hey all! I've just written a post on the Halloween fb event with all the details for tomorrow night. Pregame is in Belmont at cooch's place (rides from
cooper section 8:45-9pm) at 9pm. We will leave for franklin street at 10pm. See the fb post for more info on what to do after franklin street closes (h
ouse parties!), safety, and cabs there and back! Much love, Julian
----------------2013-10-31
I am in need of a favor from a girl, and it's a once in a lifetime opportunity.
-1
.#desperate
Ritual sacrifice?
I need someone to do my makeup for tonight. You will be given 100% artistic license.
See frank if you texted that, you may not have gotten a -1
Makeup to be a girl or like costume makeup?
"100% artistic license" Danielle
Haha at this point, whatever but I was thinking zombie.
Can ppl in section help carry alcohol. I will be passing by towerview in a small black convertible in 2-5min
Sure thing
Reem and Emma, can I claim the box outside your door?
Yes!
Superb!
Flo, can I steal the batman boxers?
You may not steal, you can borrow.
As long as Julian doesn't need em
They're in the common room!
I know unrelated but anybody free to play in a cricket tourney this weekend?
It's this weekend apparently
When is the last car leaving for Belmont?
Around 9
Bullocks
Come to the bottom of cooper section for rides to Belmont!
I'm going to be pulling up in two mins on towerview
Does anyone want to take a cab with us from section at 10?
We can pick you up on the way?
That would be amazing!! It's 3 of us we can wait on towerview at 10
Anyone else in cooper need a ride??
Yeah like 17 people
Where???
Towerview
Coming back now
Am I still needed?
Oh yeah baby
Yes!
Couch where is your apartment? I've walked through treacherous LASALLE to the promise land
And I mean cooch
There in 1! Can take 4
ANYONE?!
His apt. # is 14108
In the back
Thank you jane! You're a sweetheart
Wait are you guys coming here to section
On our way soon
Okay thanks!!!!
Come get usssssssss! ?
9733037547
----------------2013-11-01
Are people on franklin and if so when are y'all planning on leaving?
Yes, second that question. R ppl staying
I'm at sig ep with lydia
Yep
At duke or UNC?
*sig chi oppsies
At unc
Who is goin back soon ish?!
Where are you? We wan to!
Ah I'll meet ya!! Where are you?
729 n Columbia
Are you leaving meow?
Meow
I'd lurv to be back soonish
Ok flo and open and swill a I ard coming
Oh ok, where shall I meet peep
Lydia and I and oran aentovetherz
*togethers
We're with some others I think catching a cab now. Maybe just get one on your own, there are a fewore people here but idk when they're leaving

Ah wait!!! If possible
Maybe meet with some people who went to franklin street for cana
Meow
DUCKDING STOP WITH THE CATS
None
Flo and Oren and I are calling a cab who needs one?
Anyone want to go see gravity tonight?
What time?
745?
Does anyone want to help Matt deliver food? He'll pick you up from towerview in like fifteen minutes.
Matt delivers food?
To Ronald McDonald house for tomorrow
Hi! Please come support me at the duARTS auction. It's in Von canon until 5. Come bid on Book of Mormon tickets, a cappelletti show, etc
Quarter zips are here! If you ordered one bring 10. I'll be in my room pretty much all night from 7 on #whooFridaynight
Anyone who's free come to 1109 north duke street now for like 30 minutes :)
To all of you who will be helping to prepare brunch at the Ronald McDonald house tomorrow, we will be trying to start cooking by 8 so please come to the
common room by 730 so we can everyone over
----------------2013-11-02
Where is the RMH on central? Eg what street is ur in?
It* on
505 Alexander dr
Anyone in cooper have a mac converter for a projector?
Text me if you want to run the wa duke trail in the next hour! 301-351-8807
Also can I borrow a vacuum from someone?
Anyone interested in playing football outside?
Outside sounds scary...
Around 5 today
What is this outside concert
Concept*
Id prefer to stay within the bounds of cooper section
IM soccer fields at 5PM. Come play.  It's a fantastic day outside.
Clarification. IM fields on west. Next to koskinen
Man night will resume tonight with a 1 AM showing of the silence of the lambs. For those of you who are thinking,"oh my, what a late movie and isn't it like 2 hrs long." Well, to Steven, Rahul and others, to you I say no. Because tonight, due to the governments desire to have the sun wake us up 1 hr earlier, at 2 am the clock will magically change back to 1, making this a one hr movie. Isn't that just amazing.
This daylight savings thing is just another aspect of their socialist fascist agenda.
Feel free to contact Julian cooper via text or phone call if you want to know more about how the government interferes with our daily lives
----------------2013-11-03
Anyone want to play soccer *outside* around 4?
Where?
West turf fields!
Leggo.
Brad go home
Yea
Anyone in section have a guys or girls lax stick I could borrow just to throw around for a little?
We're here now
Rush committee meeting in the common room starting now
Hersh Desai added Jackson Morton to the group
----------------2013-11-04
Does anybody in section have blank dvd's?
I have blank CDs?
----------------2013-11-06
Anyone want to go for a run at 5ish?
----------------2013-11-07
So this is random but if you're free right now, you should go outside and check out the sky. The colors are incredible
Was just thinking that when walking back from work. It's gorgeous right now
----------------2013-11-08
Tennis this afternoon?
If I'm done by 4:30 sure!
Awesome!
I'm on my way back to section, when did you have in mind?
I could def play now too!
Steven and I are going now too. Doubles?
Awesome
Let's go
I'll be ready in 5!
Anyone want to go to the basketball game right now?
I DO, more than you possibly know
Anyone have a wine cork unscrewer thing I can borrow?
Yeah! I'm in my room
i do. its in my car, which im getting now.
Just got Lydia's but thank you!
pulling up on towerview. room for 2-3. need someone who knows the way
Who still needs a ride? We'll be on towerview in 10. Room for 2-3
Just me and Matt
----------------2013-11-09
Just a heads up for those interested, the epic shirts being given out today at the game will be handed out right outside the student section once you enter the stadium so no need to come super early. Also there's free food next to Cameron and Wallace wade from 130 to 330.
Has anyone seen the willy wonks DVD from the Zelman library?
If you have any questions about locations of DVDs feel free to call or text Julian cooper
When are people leaving for the game to get shirts?
Where are the people?
Who has like a black peacoat sort of thing I could borrow tonight?
Can someone let me in :(
----------------2013-11-10
Rush committee meeting tonight, 915pm, common room
Anyone interested in playing tennis this week?
I am
Yea boi
Cool lets get one more and play doubles
I don't really do doubles man, if you wanna rally singles I'm down
Autri is too good to play doubles with you peons
Naah, I just don't really play doubles man
----------------2013-11-11
Anyone interested in going with me to either the "Leakers or Whistleblowers" discussion at Sanford where you have an ex-NSA/CIA head and a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist discussing national security reporting in a digital age.
OR there is also the talk about the Walk Again Project where a Duke professor Dr Nicoleleis, the world leader in brain-machine interface research, will be speaking about his goal for the opening kickoff to the 2016 World Cup being performed by a paralyzed teenager using a brain-controlled exoskeleton. Both talks are around 6 so let me know!
I can't make either but I've heard awesome things about the Leakers or Whisteblowers discussion so let me know how it is if you go to that one
Is that one in Sanford at 6:15? I had it in my calendar for some reason
Yes Flo. Want to go?
Sounds bueno
Yall want me to save u good seats in a booth? PS if you have questions please contact Julian Cooper. Or me, at 301-351-8807
I'm going
I'm leaving from east at 6 so leasedlease
Im passing in front of section meow, you guys already there?
----------------2013-11-12
I ?? Jabari
<3*
I ?? Wally
----------------2013-11-15
Can I get a wire hanger from anybody that they are willing to part with? I may or may not have locked my keys in my car and need to get to them. Thanks!
Anyone want to go to the game in 10 mins?
I just successfully broke into my own car with a wire hanger. New fact learned: none of our cars are safe
Great success!!
Hello peoples of Crowell ee, we will be on towerview in 5 and will require your assistance in moving beers to section
We want three sets of hands for maximal efficacy
Matt bagels and I are there. Where are you folks?
Game's literally just ended, might make it difficult
But I can come too if you need me
Yeah nope not happening guys
Sorry false alarm
Come to blue zone miracle lot
Anyone else driving to Fred's right now?
----------------2013-11-16
I know it's early on a Saturday, but if anyone is Jonesing for some Perkins level productivity I have a great fourth floor study room
Everyone heading to the cookout at the smart home - meet in the common room in 5 and help carry the dunks, plates, and Ice over
Food is en route
Tailgate moved to section
What why?
All the stuff was in section, all the cars were on central
Is cooper all sitting together somewhere?
Were on our bench!
Next to the band
How are people getting to Brittanys?
im driving some people. dd for the night.
Would a central stop-by be possible?
Wait I'm on central too. Joyce come to Scotts
i can do that.
I'll bring you chocolate tomorrow!
Hey everyone I'm running a little late sooo try to come for 10:30/11!
I'm driving too, leaving section around 1045 or 11
joyce and lydia, 1040. what street?
Yearby and Anderson!
round 3 4-5 spots. towerview in 2 min
any other takers?
If someone just called my phone sucks call the other number
Code 313 or 527 to get in to the gate
tesr
----------------2013-11-17
Anyone leave a plain white t-shirt at our apartment last night?
Rahul
Yeah that was me
Hold the meeting! I'm on my way from a rehearsal. I need 5
It's been held
----------------2013-11-18
http://storify.com/kyleayers/roofbreakup?utm_source=embed_header
----------------2013-11-21
Hello folks! If you have time tonight, swing by Sanford 04 for a great debate about a possible Syrian intervention. Starts in ten minutes! Doesn't matter if you're late!
Anyone else want to go salsa dancing at Cuban? We're meeting in the common room at 945. If you want a ride just text me 301-351-8807
Seniors if you would like to join Julian and I at bloop (loop bar) feel free to
Me and Julian are disappointed that other seniors have not joined us
Perhaps at saddies
Yeah saddies!!!
Good there's one person making Julian and I happy
Can I come?
I am drunk as shit
Hahahahahah
----------------2013-11-22
Cooper bench on the plaza! Come out and study- its gorgeous!
Anomalys cooper convo starts in 5 minutes!
Coming!
If you're going to dinner come to the common room now! We're leaving in 5 minutes
Where the party at?
Come to semi!
----------------2013-11-23
Man night goes mobile tonight with a pit stop at red robin (nnnn.... Yum) followed by a date with kitty kat everdeen at 1015 at south point. Train rolls out at 830 from section.
Nnnnnnnn
Anyone seen the Charlie and the chocolate factory DVD from the common room?
----------------2013-11-24
Anyone have an hp laptop power chord I could borrow for the next two hours?
Or one even
----------------2013-11-25
How I met your mother watch party at eight! Join Molly and I in t-minus 43!
----------------2013-11-26
Is anyone in section?
Yup
For anyone who wants to join, fishbowl at ten in the common room
----------------2013-11-28
Not a day goes by that I don't feel blessed to be a part of this group. Thank you and hope everyone has a great thanksgiving!
----------------2013-11-29
Hu-Man night continues with a presentation of fight club, after the basketball game is done. Tonight's film will also have the added bonus of my little brother
What!?!?! Little Kobede?
Feel free to call or text Julian cooper with any questions about the details/logistics of man night
----------------2013-11-30
Is anyone in section? ?#lonelyreturn
Returning soon! Currently grubbing off campus
----------------2013-12-01
Any chance of a ride from RDU at 4:30pm? I'll pay for fuel
I'll be passing by there at 5 or 515 if you can't find anyone else.
Camille did you already drive by?
I just landed and saw these
Not yet, we'll be there in about 30
Awesome! Lemme know where to be
I am working in the baggage area at the back - feel free to join!
----------------2013-12-02
Anyone thinking about going to the football game in Charlotte?
yeah we are!
I'm going! Tickets on stubhub in the higher sections were as low as $15 just a heads up.
Would anyone have a wine opener I could borrow real quick like?
I do
S'mores in kville!  Who's up for it?
----------------2013-12-03
Lunch anyone?
Still room in Cameron!
----------------2013-12-04
Chocolate and red velvet cake from Fosters in the common room! Come and get it (na na na naaa)!
Does anyone have a tacky Christmas sweater?!
I really, really need one for tonight. 
The tackier the better (I'm trying to impress someone ;)
I will give you my Secret Santa present (unless it's a tacky Christmas sweater, in which case, I will be keeping)
I do!
It's big on me too
ice skating on the quad, buts its 60 degrees #southernwinter
----------------2013-12-06
Does anyone have aluminum foil?? Needed in BB for Making cookies!!!
Anyone want to play racquetball at 10:10?
----------------2013-12-09
Anyone looking for a study spot and want to take the Griffith board room from me?  It's on the top floor of the BC adjacent to ABP and behind the art exhibit
Yes!!
Race to the study spot! Go!
Racket ball?
----------------2013-12-10
Anyone awake in cooper section?
Cooper takeover in Griffifth continues if anyone wants to join
flo, are you still in the board room?
My friend and I are being debatably unproductive and loud but yes
People in section - do you still not have internet?
Yeah what happened!?
It goes in and out. Not right now.
It's out in the depths of Edens too
It works fine at the Belmont
2nd floor soc sci is fine
I don't even have it in gross...
Hersh what's the status at Taco Bell?
Never mind, Julian Borrey got me connected somehow
Always delicious.
It's out in Perkins too. I think it's a campus thing.
Great. Now I want taco bell
Just use your phone, make it a hotspot as long as you're not downloading gigs of stuff
...may we contact Julian Cooper if we have questions?
So long as he doesn't rely on wifi
----------------2013-12-11
Is anyone willing to get a bowl ticket that they're not going to use?
I will give you $20 for the inconvenience of going to Cameron. I'm looking to get 2, one for my brother and one for a friend.
Someone(s) who knows they can't go to the game
I'm pretty sure he tickets are non-transferable thy take down a lot of info
You can get the physical ticket I believe
I got my actual normal ticket today that anyone can use to get into the game.
^^^
Brian I can go with you if you need someone
Matt, that would be awesome, I'm heading there now.
Sounds good
I'm inside the box office whenever you get here
Matt, text me at 9104090871
Racquetball anyone?
I'm down
----------------2013-12-12
Does anyone in section have extra wrapping paper?
Me! But I'm not there. If Molly is its by our microwave and says hohoho
Anyone in the BC with a Mac charger?
Thanks lydia!!
----------------2013-12-14
Can someone let me into section?
Nvmnd
I've been at the loop bar, Feel free to join me if you want to drink and finish final papers haha
Spotted at loop bar: Emma and Matt Peterson working diligently
Does anyone have a screw driver? I need to take apart my book shelf!
I do! Check the drawer on the right of my desk
----------------2013-12-15
Are rim jobs supposed to feel good?
Only if I give them
Usually they feel good for me ?-- Ashley Heywood
No they don't feel good they feel great
I'll teach y'all how
That was obviously not me as I would never be caught saying y'all sorry guys hahaha
No but I really want to I find him to be really attractive
Wut
McDonald's is great homies
Dude chicken nuggs
Please call or text Julian cooper if you have any questions
"When do you leaving"- Rahul
Apologies. my phone was taken from me last night.
You're alive!!!
Oh? You weren't just making a general inquiry, surveying what cooper thought on the comfort of rim jobs?
Fact: Drunk Autri spits on people's floors and defiantly walks out.
Dude I straight up wiped it off
With a paper towel
For those of you still around, we have two Christmas cards in the common room for Sandra and Shawn. Feel free to drop by and sign them if you'd like!
I see a lotta pictures on my phone that I did not take
----------------2013-12-16
Hey guys thanks for the advice. Rim jobs.... Wow... Changed my life
Weeeerrrrrrr
Hey guys I just ordered some toyzzz who wants in
I DO
Only buy in is your self dignity
You have to be comfortable with swings
WHAT IS THE COST
iPhone: 1 Julian cooper: 0 have a great break all!
Feel free to call or text him to add wins to the iphone category
Sandra and Shawn wanted to say "thank you!!" To everyone and to come back safely to them after winter break :)
----------------2014-01-03
Is anyone in Crowell? I am in Durham and am hoping to get into my room...
I heard the dorms open Saturday at 9am
----------------2014-01-06
Anyone arriving at 10:40am at RDU tomorrow?
Anyone in section? I have rush supplies in my car in the lot behind Crowell!
I can help
Which lot?
----------------2014-01-07
Are the roads in Durham icy or are the conditions drivable?
Totally drivable!
Awesome!
Is anyone at the game right now?
Matt pun is. Keppel and I just left
It appears hersh and Wally are..
Yup!!
And justin is
----------------2014-01-08
Does anyone know when our open house is
I only ask because apparently we have a hall meeting at 9:30 with Natalie
9 to 11
That's a typo. It's on Monday
To clarify: Natalie said the house meeting is Monday at 930pm, after the home game vs UVA
Is anyone available to help lydia and I empty her car of my stuff?
Pleaseeee we'll be on towerview in 5 minutes with my stuff
A bunch of us are playing ball in card. Sorry
Yep I can - are you there already?
Turning up now!
Anyone drop 60$ outside section?
Wait that's me
Three $20s??
I think it was one $60
But yes three 20s
Can I get it from you at the open house?
Si si
Heads up RC is here
Pretty sure he just thought Jackson was a drug dealer. Asked him why he was hanging around on the second floor.
I just talked to the rc. We cool
Yeah I almost tried to sell to him too... close call man
----------------2014-01-09
Hello guys I like to throw down
Fuck you dude
Beez so hard motherfuckers wanna fine me -jay z
Fact
Jk I didn't mean it
So does pbro (or Vikas) can't tell who that is
Go to sleep "Jane"
Toto's song Africa is a huge banger. I may or may not be jamming out by myself to it
Where are all the kville tents?
Kville, brah
There was not one tent outside Cameron when I walked by just then
Tenting doesn't start until the 19th homie
I'm just kind of surprised that literally no one was near Julian to answer this question so he decided to text 80 people at the same time
^sass
Lydia Thurman added Jen Yland to the group
Jen Yland added Audra York and Kathryn Henschel to the group
Does anyone want to play tennis and/or racketball tomorrow afternoon?
If my arms aren't dead I'm down for tennis
I'm down
Alan, I have your duke card
----------------2014-01-10
I can be a fourth tennis player if that is desired
----------------2014-01-11
Fire drill to Kilgo in 2 minutes for beer.
Need all hands
Pulling in
Get to the Kilgo fire lane
Anyone who carries a case gets a beer tonight
All hands on the beer deck unite! (Kilgo fire lane)
Beer babies come
Come hither to the booze
Did anyone leave a six pack of blue moon in the common room? If so, come grab them from mine and Arielle's room
Also, we need a couple more hometown shirts if you have them! Sports teams, high school events, etc. please bring them to the common room ASAP!
Cooper members are going to wear name tags so come to the common room and get one or to a room-- I'll be coming around with them
Possible RA, Asian chick in white rain jacket
Asian girl wearing white jacket just asked Arielle where more beer was
Sketch alert Asian chick wearing white rain jacket asked where she could find beer. Beware!!!
Said asian girl can't open beer
My friend whose an RA said be over in a few minutes at 10:48
There aren't any in Crowell wanny except one who doesn't go out and isn't on call
(Nick Calabro)
False alarm, ignore Asian girl texts
RAs. Walking through
In Quinn's room
RA is wearing a navy Nike windbreaker thing and has frameless glasses. Also tan shorts and sneakers with ankle socks. In the common room and apparently we're fine
RA going upstairs
Hes on the 3rd floor
Outside of the bathroom
Back on second floor
Updates?
Just so you guys know I've never been to Tokyo. I'm just telling people that. ?
Wow
That's useful
Is he gone??!
He's not on the 3rd floor
Pretty sure
Lol an old Asian lady just walked through and went to Wayne 
Lady in jacket asked us to clear the halls/stairs
Rc here 3're floor
Emily baker
Emily bakers on the first floor now
I'll let you know when she leaves section. Till then clear halls
She just left 2nd floor
She's gone
She really wants the hallways clear. Was sassy. Get people to the common room - she just left
All clear
Rahul was worried she found the secret liquor room?
She almost did, but she didn't get in
Jeezus Christ
----------------2014-01-12
Ugh a rushee broke my night stands... Guess he's cut
Aw Matt I'm sorry!
RAs back second floor
No third
Do we already have a table for brunch?
We're upstairs!!! We're coming now with signs to make that more clear
----------------2014-01-14
Does anyone have time to buy some disposable bowls and cutlery?? We have a whole lot of pasta for the cooper convo tonight but nothing to serve it in
Scrap that. We have heaps of bowls in the common room but could use another set of cutlery
Julian, do you have a Facebook? Post this stuff on the Facebook group lil homie
If everybody grabs five or six forks/spoons/knives from abp we should be fine
On it
This is just a drill right? I am deciding whether to get out of bed from this nap
Yeah just a drill
Drill.
K thanks guys. I'll put headphones on
I need 4 or 5 people to come to the Kilgo lot and help unload pasta from my car please! I'll be there in 5
Wait still need help?
Start getting people to sit down
----------------2014-01-15
It looks like more people signed up for interviews last night so we need one more cooper person at 11 and 2 more at 11:30. Please comment if you can help fill in these spots! 
Anyone wanna be  my co-interviewer from 12:30-1? If it helps, I'm interviewing Michael Daou and Ibanca Anand.
I can!
Wonderful, thanks!
My dinner is running late
I'll be there for My interviews at 745 ish can someone take the slot before?
If anyone has GameCube controllers in section, bringing them to the common room would be appreciated
RC
Shut down now
All good on the home front?
All good
Sweet ?
Is the event still going?
We're trying to end it...
----------------2014-01-16
Did somebody make off with a chair from me and Daniels room? If so I kinda need it back
I just grabbed mine and Arielle's back? Not sure who else would have taken them
People are coming in for interviews... Anyone who's available please come we have 3 right now
I need an interview buddy
I'm here! Come to the Ammon room! anybody who can help
Can anyone drive me to dodgeball at 7:30? I get out of class at 7:25
Yeah I'll do it
Dodgeball's getting real intense guys
Is it in south gate?
Yeah
----------------2014-01-17
Hey guys! Message from Ashley: all party monitors, waiters, dealers, helper people of casino royale be in the common room by 9:00 for a quick meeting about rules and jobs. Everyone else be in the common room by 9:30 so we're ready for the rushees!!!
Hey folks. We need hands on deck at the Kilgo fire lane to move the goods from Jon's car to section
Eta one minute
Cooper members, I just wanted to send a text encouraging everyone to spend time with rushees tonight. We are going to get rid of the target list ppt that
was sent out because it puts an unfair bias on certain rushees but we need to realize that the ppl we really like are also rushing other groups - they s
hould feel wanted at cooper events, not ignored. Overall, have a blast, enjoy the James Bond theme, and let's make tonight a game changer.
Meeting in common room for party monitors
Ra #1: Brett lesavoy (the one that's not ray li)
Ra #2.
Whoever has spotify premium could you put it on in the common room?
just a side note and a shout-out--the obvious amount of work that went into this event should tell these kids that we want them. great job casino royale team!
Hey guys we should probably move the corona for us out of Quinn's room
Where do you want it?
Autri says a third floor room to keep away from rushees
can i get some paper plates in the kitchen?
They're coming
Ras are here
Both
Any pictures/info on the RC for the night?
They were posted a bit ago
Scroll up!
They're going upstairs
RC not RA
There's no way of knowing the RC on call (to my knowledge) unless they contact you or you page them or your RC tells you. We don't have access to their c
alendar.
Who needs anything? 
I could use a drink freshened
Room 207 has a cool cat I've heard
RA here
are people still circulating the trays with food? are we slow right now?
Whatever you are doing is fabulous Logan
haha thanks flo!
RC
First floor
BE CAREFUL
An RC from east so watch out, you may not recognize her
She can smell FEAR!!!!
Third floor
RC is with Julian, she looked mad. Make sure no drinks are floating around. Close the fridges
Is everything ok guys?
Looks like we're clear? 
Is she gone?
No liquor and no grabbing from fridges until further notice
----------------2014-01-18
We are definitely clear. Party like its 1999
lol AEPi
How are things going
Killin it on floor 3
2:01. Get 'em out
Anyone wanna go to the basketball game right now?
Would anyone be opposed to me designing a little cooper spiritwear?
Do it!!
Of course not 
What type of spiritwear are we talking
You do your thing audra
YES
Open to suggestions
I tried last night and totally failed
Plz do it
Those ballin duke scarfs but for cooper
We need another shirt that isn't white!
I was thinking something along the lines of a long sleeve tshirt, but some people hate those
Heather gray t shirt
Oo or a baseball 3/4 sleeve shirt
I feel like we could make a badass hat with the cooper symbol
I'm down for the long sleeve
Onesie with infinity butt flap
Lol, no
----------------2014-01-19
Who left a Lenovo thin laptop in CIEMAS? Matt pun has it
Who the fuck flipped our bench?
Pic please
Perk fourth floor is where it's at rn
Who has a super soaker and is sick of these sorority screams?
...who wants to go pick up my laundry for me so I don't have to walk past them in my laundry day clothes?
You have laundry day clothes?
I usually parade in the nude when I'm doing laundry.
I put the period on the end there for emphasis
that would be the most efficient. you can get all of the clothes washed at one time that way.
Is anyone in section that can do me a quick favor??
Audra, text me 301-351-8807
Andrew I texted you!!
Btw the email meant to say exc at 6:45
Britt's car is on the way to head to keggerskating.   We have room for Reem plus one more
I'm coming late so I can drive some people back
What's the address?
715 north Hoover. Look up wheels fun park on google maps
First ones here. Killing it
How the duck are Wally and I the first ones here
Yeah it's kinda awksauce in here
They're on the way. 715 n Hoover for anyone whose lost. I only need Logan and Ashley to make a second trip.
on my way back
How late does this go until?
Leg stand?
Wait I have 3 spots, will be on towerview in 6 minutes 8044324304
11:30pm
What happens at 11:30?
Lights shut off an the place implodes
the dd's party.
Last call for anyone who wants a ride!!
Sophomore pic by the skate rental
Yo where's the postgame at?
connors room.
Section obviously, I think we're opening up a bunch of rooms including mine
Is anyone still at wheels? We left janes red and white Nalgene bottle there
----------------2014-01-20
When is Connor coming back? Haha
As Connors roommate, I'll be back in 5
Are there no other rooms?
Soon driving back from east
Five minutes
Anyone have a crappy old pillow I can borrow tonight?
Yeah!
Wait like how crappy
Does it remotely support one's head?
Yes
But I still like it
It's not going to get dirty, but I can wash it before I return it too. I just forgot to bring one
Does anyone have laundry detergent I can borrow?
I do!
Where did the keg end up?
Kegs at my apt, and I actually gotta leave at 2ish
Will it be open if I come by at 4?
Did we decide on Buns for the franklin dinner tonight?
Yeah I guess so, but if anyone has any other suggestions we can change it up
I'm good with that 
I'm just trying to figure out we're to meet you guys haha.
Works for us!
Were here!
Did Eric ramoutar break his ankle at our keggerskating event???
Yes
Possibly
Oh god that's a yes; he had emailed us haha
I saw him drunk walking around section last night. No screaming or anything
He definitely had at least a sprain tho
Someone told me that he didn't realize it was broken till this morning.
Yeah, he woke up and ems-ed himself in the middle of the night
Yeah we iced his ankle...
He told me he had hurt his ankle last night, he was super drunk though
Can we bring him chocolate, beer, Chipotle, scented candles, etc? Not only is he a great guy, it's also partly (mostly?) our fault that he broke his ankle
Not sure if this makes us feel any better but he drank really hard before he got to section that night
Yeah I remember him mentioning that last night
Racquetball anyone?
I can play tomorrow
Woad broken ankle kid?! I call big rights if he gets in
If I still have those lol
*Woah
Wesley I miss you!!
Thanks I miss you too! Like the most actually
Y'all have fun without me I'll be back next semester
Wes you're from Berkeley and you said y'all what happeneddd
Good to hear bud.
I second Julian. Good to hear from ya
I third Julian. Good to hear ya
I creep on you guys a bit just to stay up to date
Also Joey got to me with the southern gentleman thing
Everett and I have missed our third in the terrible trio of civil engineers!
I creep on you guys a bit just to stay up to date
Also Joey got to me with the southern gentleman thing
----------------2014-01-21
Do y'all have a tshirt color preference? Black, royal blue, or light grey?
Not black
^facebook poll so we don't all get eighty Groupme messages
Make a poll in the FB group. Otherwise this will get out of hand
Dammit Audra
Got it
If anyone wants to join me and study at planets till 4-430 just Holla
Someone's daughter where I work is selling girlscout cookies on behalf of her daughter-anybody want to buy some with me? It's 3.50 a box
Oops I edited and then didn't read that. But you get the idea.
I will!!
----------------2014-01-22
Logan and Katherine, rushees are looking for you guys at loop 
found 'em haha
Does anyone have sour cream that I could use for baking?
Would they have it at the duke store?
They ran out :(
I can pick some up for you from Harris teeter around 3 if that isn't too late
Hersh can you do me a favor maybe?
Maybe
Sorry didn't realize this was the group text. I'm actually good and don't need it anymore, sorry!
Does anyone have any idea where the cooper volleyball is? It's not in the closet with the net..
Could someone in the common room do me a solid and double check that it's not in the closet?
I have my own to use
Jordan Bryce was looking for you
Cupcake coopertunity!
Any news on where q shack will be?
Sanford Room 04!
Also, rushees absolutely cannot congregate in the common room. Please send/lead them to Sanford when they show up at 7
i am on my way back. we will take it to sanford.
Can someone who's coming to Sanford bring a Mac charger (not the thin one?)
WE NEED SPORKS AND CUPS IN SANFORD!!!! Ashley please order the pizzas, 5 larges.
Chill the fuck out Logan
....sorry, hersh....
Haha it's okay. I was mostly kidding
Mostly
*mostly
I read moistly and just was confused
If at all possible, I think there should be a rule that when you comment on the PowerPoint, you include your name on it, so we know where they are coming
ve of mine. You should be comfortable enough to convey your opinions negative or positive without hiding behind anonymity.
from. I think it's not helpful to just bash someone anonymously or to add a positive comment without knowing who it's coming from. Sorry, just a pet pee
Sorry for the long message, I've just been scrolling through so many comments where the person leaving them doesn't say who they are. -__-
----------------2014-01-23
Any lunch coopertunities today that I can jump in on between noon and 3pm?
looks like everything is later in the day/evening.
hey connor, we will meet you at the theatre. we are heading to my car. everyone else, hi.
Anyone going to come back to section from the bc area between now and nine? If you buy popcorn for girls night from the lobby shop I'll pay you back!
Oh I'll do it!
Can 3 people come to the kilgo lot in 3 minutes? I've got supplies 
I'll be there
Me too
andrew, you can put it in my room.
----------------2014-01-24
Can I use someone's car to go to the waduke
Does anyone who took the SOL gateway course happen to still have the books??
Anyone around who would be willing to drive me a mile and a half down the road to pick up my car from ingold tire?
Braden, I can do it
Can someone who has a set of bananagrams drop it off in the common room by 3?
And if you want to play, feel free to come join!
Yep, I'm coming!
check fb for closing time info!
Also last day to pay dues at the early bird price!
Hey everyone! Be sure to have fun and be safe tonight. And don't forget to give major props to Logan and Camille for organizing Closing Time. They've bee
n real champs during the planning process
if some people have some playing cards to bring to the apartments, thatd be great!
If anybody needs solo cups or ping pong balls there are a bunch from keggerskating in my room
Bring em
Not there anymore
ill grab em.
Where are casino royale cards?
So one of my tires is a bit flat so I need to go pump some air in it before picking people up...on east
sounds good. rushees know rides will be from 10-1030.
arielle? andrew? we need our bartenders...
Brittany's outside and we can get people!
4 people
Any chance one of the dds for the night would come back to section and get me around 11?
Our apartment only has 1 shot class. Just a heads up in case you thought that was something needing rectifying
Glass**
Hersh we gave you paper shot glasses.
permanent drivers, please tell your rushees that they can find you or the other permanent drivers at any time to get a ride back.
Last car leaving section in 5. Last call.
Guessing that's a no?
Hersh what's your guys apartment number?
We have 6 rushees so ready whenever!
well get you there, audra
Britt and I are both on our way to east
I picked up a hundred plastic shot glasses
I am on way to east
Hong's apt is 7208
Send all the cars!!!
coming
BARTENDERS: note, the paper cups are almost a double shot. Proceed with caution
The more the merrier!
Still need a couple more cars on east? I'll make another trip
Bring them all.
Anyone need pick ups from west?
Bring all the cars
Actually four should do
direct rushees as follows. logan and ashley, 7202, camille and brittany 7308, west villagers, 7208
I'll be 1 of the 4
are all of the bars manned?
We need about 2 more cars
Yo we need pong calls in 7202
im 1 also
*balls not calls
theyre coming from section.
No more rushees. Party on.
Answer the door gates!
Call again
3 freshmen came to section, I sent them to east. Not sure if they're there yet
Andrew tan delli-chichi and 2 guys I didn't recognize
They left section around 1010
We forgot th shotskis!!!!!!!!
Hey guys a rushee Andrew texted me
And He needs a ride from east
BRADEN YOU HAD ONE JOB
Can a dd grab joeys keys and get them???
Could someone buy some Coke?? Like from the gas staton on erwin?
I got it guys
Brittany can you pick Andrew up?
All west village cars just dropped off rushees
I can head back to east
Logan and I are going to section: what do people need?
From east?
They're locked in his room....
That would Be incredible
Brittany can you come to Janes and get joeys keys from him?
Yeah can someone run them out to me
Camille and Everett are already on east
Send any rushees to east we'll pick them up.
Where on east. Brodie?
Brodie
We're not doing dark mixers
I'm outside of janes apartment, can someone bring them
Is anyone on east right now?
I am. Probably need 1 more car.
I on my way
ill swing back
Brittany did you pck Andrew up?
I'm waiting on Andrew
Thanks man
Can more people come to my apartment? Not many people here
There were only 3 ping pong balls in jacob's room-- is that enough?
I have andrew
What apartment are you again Jane?
There's plenty in my room if you need them
Jane is 7308
Come grab some people from down here Jane
Everyone please keep an eye on rushees and make sure nobody gets too bad
Anybody have anymore like juice?? I'm all out
If you need me to run to Kroger, let me know
I'm picking some up Braden
What's the gate code?
089
hey audra im coming back to section now. ill pick you up on towerview.
That's ok Logan no worries! I'm not ready to go or anything
umm okay. ill go to east first?
----------------2014-01-25
Let me know when rushees need a ride back
Why are there so many random people here?
Is anyone on with doing another round soon? Kimmy, Anand and I are down to leave
There are also a group of rushees ready to leave
im on my way
We can let the rushees go first
Heading back
Coming to get some
People in a few
People need rides and I sent them to Wally's with my keys, someone sober please drive them, tan range rover
Jane get your keys back now
let the dds drive
everett and i are outside.
In 30 minutes, we're going to do another set of runs. If anyone looks ready, get them close to the doors and I'll organize
Is there another group?
Who is going to be back the soonest? There are some people who are ready to go
I'm literally outside right now
Ok one sec
I'm about to send a group out of Wally's apt
K
Coming.
They are coming down the stairs Brittany
Answers the gate
drivers let me know when you are back from this trip, we'll caravan it out.
I'm back
Back
Back
lets try to close janes
Its closed!
susannas too?
Turnt up
PSA: Danielle is cut from cooper rush
She's awfulllll
:(
Are people heading back soon?
how many are left?
I miss you all dearly. I just read all of this and can't stop smiling. ??????????????????????????
What time do deliberations start?
3pm
Anyone need anything from abc?
I'm here now
Am willing to buy if you pay me bak in a prompt fashion
Urgent: did anyone see my MacBook laptop at the party last night?! I last saw it in my bedroom right before the party, did anyone move it out of the way
per chance?
Found it!
Does anyone have a sams club membership?
I do
yours expired unless you renewed it...
----------------2014-01-26
Just sent out the emails. Feel free to console/congratulate as you will. Good work everyone.
Jordan just told me he didn't receive a rejection e-mail, have they all gone out
Can someone send to the house a final list?
Hi guys we are coming back to section with all the stuff for today so please help carry things in!! meet us on towerview at 12:40!
We will be on towerview in a minute!!!
Jk Kilgo
Come to the common room before 1:45 so we can all walk over together !!!!!!!!! It will be fun and rewarding <3
Are we meeting them at the bus stop?
yes!! : )
Could someone in section who's coming to the gardens bring tape? We need it for the sign
Got it
How many more people are we waiting for?
Do we need the cups?
I'm driving straight to gardens
We have cups
R y'all still in the gardens?
No
We haven't added the new kids to the texting group yet, have we?
No and we can't do that, we'd have to start a new one
I think for group me it doesn't let you see any texts before you joined the group...not sure about that though
No worries, I plan on making the text a little bit later on, once we've got our set pledge class - if no one has any objections?
No, they can- we had that problem this year too
It does actually. Matt did it last year
Makes sense, I think we should seriously consider snap biddin Levi because today dk got a text from James and Kyle that the two of them are leaning maxwe
ll because they want to live with Levi. Just saying that it's a possibility we could lose some great kids if we don't entertain the motion. I'm just put
ting it out there.
Do we have the bed space though?
I second autri
We can deal with it later
Have any kids straight out rejected yet? Autri's idea definitely makes sense I just want to make sure we can give Levi a bed...
That was my reason for posing said previous question to the group. I motion to formally ask exec if this is a possibility. If it is to put it up to a vot
e on the FACEBOOK group
Honestly, we've ended up with extra beds every year
And then let the group decide. If the group deems it worthwhile to consider, we should do so
That's true. I'm fine with that if it means we get them for sure
I move to take this conversation off the group text.. Start a FB post Autri?
I third, fourth, and fifth Autri
Everyone talk here. Break your conversation into smaller texts too
"she came tent coopertunity self"
Yeah Arielle, I think that it needs to be discussed on Facebook, but I can't initiate a poll or any of that without a confirmation from exec, so anyone o
start welcoming them to the group.
n exec wanna talk and then initiate the discussion on facebook? Meanwhile, everyone who met those two should be in constant contact with those kids. And
----------------2014-01-27
Btw Sarah just accepted her bid to Cooper
WOOOOOOOOOOOO SARAHHHHHHHHH
1st year of 100% girl retention ??
Frank is alive
Yay!!
Talked to Bolaji--he's on the waitlist at Mirecourt for friend of house, regardless he said he's going to live in cooper section
Wait so hes not going to take a friend of house spot with them or he wants to do both?
Because if he wants to do both, then we dot really allow that to happen
Yeah he wants to do both from his message
I'm assuming
Friend of house for Mirecourt allows them to come to events and stuff and not live in section
Last year they kinda offered that to Camille and I so we could maybe talk to him about it?
We didn't let two people last year do friend of house Maxwell and Join cooper
Well then I don't think he's aware of that
Yeah we should probably talk about that
Anyone want to hit the gym?
No
Ill be here for about 20 more minutes
g tomorrow with Student Conduct. However, I am going to allow this event tonight. Here are my conditions: Please keep your noise volume down (music, voic
ou all have a successful Spring semester, so please do your best to stay within these perimeters. Warmest regards, Leah
Feel free to invite people to watch the game. Here's te email from Leah: Technically, your group is still in an interim suspension until the case hearin
es, TV) NO ALCOHOL! If the gathering gets too crazy, please close it down before an RA has to shut it down. I am trying to give you all a break by allowi
ng this event, but please don't take it for granted, or ruin your chances to have more events this semester. I really enjoy this SLG, and I want to see y
Haha I think we can pretty easily stay within those parameters to watch a duke Pitt game
Unless we all get drunk and belligerent.
Someone had to say what we were all thinking
----------------2014-01-28
Kyle and James have declined their bids from Cooper
Does that mean Levi wouldn't want in? And would that mean that new sophomores now get offered spots in section?
Not how it works
I mean according to what we said at deliberations that would be how it works. Are we freaked out by a 8 male class though? (If bolaji drops too?)
Little bit. Depends on Bolaji
We should offer a bid to Levi now though right?
I think we should
So what's happening
So we are going to extend Levi a bid. He'll be told in the next 30 min (Everett is going to give him a call) after which those who best know him should r
each out to him.
Tell Levi to play with us tonight
Sign up for the Cooper team
What if Kyle and James change their minds? Can they do that? Do they fully understand the wait list situation with Levi?
I talked to James. He understands everything
Cooper house is formally off suspension. Sanction: We need to write an apology note to Brandon flowers.
You should probably know then that it's Daniel flowers.
I motion to send him a hundred and ten individual apology notes from our group.
Wait we offended the killers singer? No wonder there was such a disproportionate punishment!
Can we also send flowers to Flowers?
His name is clearly Brandon, Lydia.
Oh ignore that message I see what you did there
I think sending him a hundred and ten apology messages would be really thoughtful especially at the rate of ten an hour
What about 110 apologies,1 per day, for the next 110 days
Someone leave a $20 bill on the couch in the common room? If so, come find me and describe the lost item on interest
For anyone interested in eating grocery store rotisserie chicken and other cheap deli foods for dinner tonight, Mr. Tierny and I will be departing for a snowy expedition sometimes in the next 2 hours. Contact us if you want a real meal tonight.
Do people want to watch the movie district 9 right now in the common room
----------------2014-01-30
My phone is at 8% battery and it would be great if I could get somebody's iphone 4 charger for like half an hour to an hour to Charge my phone. Also does
anyone have a lighter and/or matches?
----------------2014-01-31
Anyone in section have a violin I could borrow?
Casual
I have two clarinets and a guitar but no violin?
Kathryn and I have some trumpets and oboe and a bass but no violin sorry :/
I have a violin you can use in Florida
I have three trombones, a sax, two flutes, and a six piece drum set, but no violin sorry
Okay well let's not get carried away, I was completely serious.
Sad face
?
We need people to come to towerview now to get supplies
Like, ASAP
I'm there
30 seconds until we'll be there
To everyone that came out, you're beautiful on the inside and out
Does anyone have a pump for a soccer ball?
I do. I'm in my room if you want it now
Who all are going to sweet night. What is the car situation?
I can drive myself + Julian + 3
Everyone meet in the common room at 7 and we can figure out rides
No but I was looking forward to thirty five texts :(
Oh well in that case!
Who has a wine bottle opener I can borrow?
Why would you need such a thing at 6 PM?
Cocktail hour
Not for right nowwww. Later
Cocktail hour implies liquor not wine
I mean it's past 5...
It's past noon*
I have one!
Cocktail hour is also nonexclusive
Oh and also mine is in my room on the bookshelf third from the bottom if you want to use it
Is anyone going back to section soon?
Feel free to call or text Julian cooper if you have any questions about rides
If anyone needs a ride to faux sweet night, I'm leaving in 5
Where is Brittany's apartment
What is the número
3207
"We have snow that looks like that" -Logan
Also, we decided we need to start a Cooper quote book
Crack cocaine?
----------------2014-02-01
Is anyone going to the Belmont in the next 2 or 3 hours
My car is there too, so please let me know if that's the case
Anyone have a Mac charger in Perkins right now?
Anyone want to watch the game at Tobacco Road Sports Cafe?
Y'all better be going crazy right now
SHEEEEEEEED
THIS IS MADNESS
Madness pure madness
**BREAKING NEWS**: Bolaji texted me saying he's accepting his friend of house bid from Mirecourt
Whatevs
Okay so that leaves 2 spots in section for current soph guys?
That's totally chill guys. Be happy with the class as it stands!
I can take three people to west village soonish
Call 4046417353 or 5104494710 if anyone needs help getting here tonight
Anyone leaving for west village soon that can swing by central?
I'm leaving right now
Could u swing by central potentially? I live in ADPi section
Want a pick up?
Yep =)
Be there in 5
Ok I'm in between pi phi and adpi
----------------2014-02-02
jen asked connor to be her big!!!!! welcome to the family!!!!!!!!!!!! : ) we are sooooo happy to have you : )
Glad this was messages to all of cooper! But welcome to the family from your uncle!
WOOOOO
All of cooper deserves to know, jacob. this is a glorious occasion!!!!! : )
All of cooper should know about the algorithm we use to determine bigs, making the process unbelievably callous and impersonal, just the way I like it
Is anyone at the women's game right now?
Yes some of us are in section 13 in the upper part. 
Anyone want to get food?
----------------2014-02-04
Anyone want to go to the game tonight?
I do but I probably can't make it til tipoff.
Cameron is empty for those interested
Now does anyone want to go? ??
Where are you guys standing?
Back left
Back right facing the student section
----------------2014-02-05
Fun fact of the day: there is a graveyard in the middle of the blue zone!
You just learned that now?
Yep! Never ever noticed it
----------------2014-02-06
Hey guys. Anand is moderating a really interesting talk at Sanford at 6:30 in room 004. You guys should come and check it out!  And if that's not a good enough reason, you can come hang out with me!
I'm heading over right now too! (Having to spend time with me might negate the joy of hanging out with Hersh)
----------------2014-02-07
I'm at the auction
I'm at the auction
She's so far at 20 dollars
80
A date with Keppel's dream girl just went for 80 dollars
Wtf we had more than that
Jacob I love you!!! This is Sarah
Also oops. I just told Keppel's dream girl about keppel and she wish you had come
Are you kidding me
Hahahah she doesn't know your name. She just knows that you exist
I'll take it
But if it makes you feel better, someone just went for 1000
Who??
How would that make him feel better
Yeah, it might not ...
Keppel, you need to expand your dreams by about 1250%
Small steps Brian
----------------2014-02-08
Does anyone have a hot glue gun I could borrow?
Bridget this is your time to shine
Yeah I have one!!
Wait Bridget can I also steal that later too? :)
I have one too if needed!
Either one would be wonderful!!
So I only have two ppl (Joey and Ashley) who have replied saying they can drive. I know a number of the ppl who signed up for defy gravity have cars - I'
m hoping a bunch of you guys can drive (please let me know though so I don't stress out - 9194336828).
Feel free to call or text him for real this time
I can drive 4 people
I have room for 3
I can accommodate three others btw
I can also drive four
Sweet thanks all!!
Defy Gravity Trampoline Arena. 4300 Emperor Blvd, #250. Durham, NC 27703 919.825.1010. Subscribe on YouTube ...
----------------2014-02-09
What's hersh's apartment number
7202
Awwwww, yeaaaaaaah
I'll be there in 15. No one can leave
Sorry. Everyone left
No you're not
Katherine I have your Duke ID. If anyone else left anything behind just text Hersh or I
Anyone in section have a lighter?
Yeah
Ok I'll come grab it From You for Two seconds
Come to the lot behind Crowell (not kilgo)! I have cookout and need help carrying it!
----------------2014-02-11
Can someone let me in to section?
And I look forward to that
^ignore that
Does anyone in section have colored pencils?
Yeah
----------------2014-02-12
Could someone in section let me in please? I need to get my charger and my card isn't working.
On it
Anyone want to racketball?
I think the gym closes at 1
Anyone want to play snow football?
That sounds painful
Tentagon members - how'd y'all get tickets to the game tonight?
Stubhub
Special delivery coming to section from the Belmont
Shot ski?
12 bottles of wine now in the common room. Stay warm and drunk!
YES EVEN BETTER
They are for everyone so try not to hoard them peepZ
Dibs on some of that wine. I just had to cancel a conference because of this snow.
...i'll share 
Heading to K4 soon to save room for the game if anyone wants to watch there!
But the game is most likely off...
Yeah the game is postponed
where are you finding this information?
Twitter, from news crews
http://duke.247sports.com/Article/The-first-round-of-Duke-UNC-will-be-postponed-due-to-weather-177121
Nope! I get student ticket emails. Almost surely on.
We also just saw the bus still in front of Sanford not packed and ready to go
Laura keeley just tweeted that it hasn't been called of yet but it's expected to be postponed
According to a line monitor, the team is refusing to leave
mweb.cbssports.com/ncaab/eye-on-college-basketball/24440545/bad-weather-could-force-postponement-of-duke-unc
Anybody got a corkscrew?
And it begins...
Yes
You in your room?
Quad rave tonight?
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO. Let the weekend begin!
Frozen in the common room at 930 followed by Miracle on Ice at 1120
Courtney I'm gonna steal your corkscrew
Brutal
Wow Jacob is going ham
That's not very nice
Floooooo
Say please.
My little, defending my honor :)
(Didn't end up taking it for the record)
I know, cause I have it.
Hey folks Julian and I are leading an expedition to James Joyce for the 21 year olds willing to brave the cold
Expedition will leave around 1030
I'm down
Yeah!!!
Where are y'all starting
Section
----------------2014-02-13
Bananagrams. 4pm. Common room. You know what to do. 
Anyone with a vacuum or broom in section?
Or packing tape?
I've got packing tape!
Any brooms out there? We're in a state of EMERGENCY #getit? #NCdoessnow
Brownstone has officially challenged us to a snowball fight. 8pm, Crowell. Be there.
Scratch that-5 o clock. They want to fight at 5. So be there then.
That's so early
I say we ambush them from the roof.
Send up the koalas!
PS bananagrams in the common room in 30 mins. 
NO CLASS TOMORROW
That does nothing for me
THIS IS THE GREATEST
Yeah, me too.
Aww yeah!!! Everyone go to the snowball fight tonight!
If hell freezes over and we get Monday off that would be swag
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Best day ever.
Is the snowball fight at 5 or 8?
5 sharp.
where? Lol
RIP Chacarron
he'll be back, just wait
(There's a tent under the lump of snow)
At least it's not this guy
Where is the snowball fight?
It's not happening. BS didn't show up
Soooo what is everyone doing?
Your mom
Hey-o
ZINF
ZING
You guys are the worst
I've got ice in my room.
For that burn
Icy what you did there
I don't know if there's enough ice outside for that burn...
^All credit for that one goes to vinesh
In defense of mama Desai: she's awesome
In bed?
that poor woman.
I'm about to fight everyone
I'll back you Swaggy P.
Is the fight still going?
Not at all. Brownstone didn't show. So we threw snowballs into their stairwell windows mwahaha
Does anyone in section have a cupcake tray/ eggs...?
You will be rewarded with some of said cupcakes 
I have both if you want to come to Kilgo!
I am also looking for baking materials. If anyone has eggs and butter, I'll be your Valentine
April has my mini cupcake tray! And last time I checked there was a lot
Of butter in the Crowell bb kitchen ..?
Were not using the mini tray, if you want it sam
Nah, brah. I'm good
I guess I'll just stop by H-teets. Does anyone need any pertinent groceries
We need some more beer and mustard for our room
----------------2014-02-14
Did anyone see my duke card and keys in the common room this morning? Did anyone pick them up?
It was still there around 2am
----------------2014-02-15
USA-Russia going to a shoot-out if anyone wants to see that
Btw if you guys didn't see yet somebody dropped their car keys outside of section so I pinned it up on the front board!
Does anyone want to eat lunch? I'm lonely but trying to play hard to get
Hi guys would anyone be interested in driving us to get food and soda for tonight? We will love you forever (infinity sign)
Can you get flaming dr. Pepper shot stuff
Too
Is your desk not burned enough rah?
Like I get it's a funny joke but to we actually want to so that again...
I can go at 4:15
Yeah I'm available too, whenever
Brittany just picked us up but thank you generous people!!
Hey would anyone be able to help us carry stuff  into section? We are at the circle by the blue zone on towerview
I just saw a bunch of freshmen literally running to shooters from east
We're they freshman in cooper or randos
Your mom is running from shooters to east
----------------2014-02-16
Freshman always ride single file to hide their numbers.
Fortunately they were randos
----------------2014-02-17
When do the younglings get added to the groupme
Sorry that's my fault - I was supposed to do it a few weeks ago. They don't get added though, I'll be making a new one.
Do seniors stay on the groupme until next February then?
I mean that's up to you. Anyone is welcome to leave the group at any time
----------------2014-02-19
Is there anyone that will be tenting this afternoon that will let me take shelter in your tent? I am trying to avoid getting soaked in the walk-up line, lol
There should be someone in chaccaron!
Has anyone seen my black converse?
a single shoe?
Sorry, has anyone seen a pair of black converse high tops? 

I don't like when people pluralize the word converse..
You left them in my room
Oh yay! Thank you
They're under my table by my bed
Is anyone coming to perkins sometime soon? I left my camera charger in the common room near prithvi's laptop in the back corner
camera = laptop
I will pay someone big money (and by money I mean hugs) if they can bring my puffy coat from my room to Kville. Please?
----------------2014-02-20
Is anyone awake+in section+could do me a small favor?
Has anyone seen Sachin? Is he in Kville?
Seen in Kville
Does anyone in section or kville have a tennis racket I can borrow
Mine is in the cabinet under the tv if you want to borrow it
Thanks!
Potential check, can someone come from section to help up please?? Just one person and their duke card
Got you
Come ASAP
Who is going to the UNC watch in Cameron?
I probably will
Going to Sam's play now if anyone wants to comeeee
Is brown dorm actually on fire?
Yeah friend sent me a pic, just saw another truck heading there now
http://abclocal.go.com/wtvd/story?section=news/local&id=9439847
Yeah I hear fire tricks
Geeeez that picture is insane
Shit dude that's a crazy picture
----------------2014-02-21
Does anyone in section have Tylenol PM or something sleep inducing?
I think I have NyQuil in my medicine drawer
people, i just met grant hill's mom. she's the coolest lady around.
Does anyone in section have a needle and thread?
Also if anyone is particularly good at stitching on forlorn buttons  that would be super too
Anyone else planning on going to Sam's play tonight?
I am
Is anyone at the library party right now (or in the library) that I could borrow your duke card for a minute to print some things?
Does the library party have like free wine and such or am I remembering?
Study with me!
None
I'm with this guyyyyyyyy
Where is that?
But re: Lydia, no. Seniors get free champagne
Everything else you have to buy. (But I do believe it's subsidized)
*misremembering
:-(
Are people going to library party or another party? My cousin is here & I want him to have fun, but I'm to sick to go out. Text me if you're going out & would be up to have him join you
Anyone else in this ridiculous line for the cabaret?
Kath and I are in
If anyone's still stuck, you should try getting in through vonderhaden, worked for me 10 mins ago. Also senior toast is in vdh corner on the left right w
hen you walk in
----------------2014-02-22
Can someone come let me in?
Hey all-so sadly Maxwell had to cancel the mixer, so I spoke to Fred and privthi-they're opening up their apartment to all of cooper tonight for a post game pregame for shooters/beer Olympics. Be sure to thank them-they're really coming through in a pinch here. It's gonna start around 10/10:30. For rides you'll have to cab or get in touch with cooper ppl with cars. I'm dding, so I can take groups back and forth.
Do the younglings know?
Yes
Hey all if you take a cab around 1045-11, can you text me and pick me up from central (206 Oregon) I will be happy.
To west village that is
Anybody else still leaving from section? About to call a cab if you want in
I got a ride
What's the code/building?
Flowers, no code to get inside building but it's locked so lmk when you get here
Here
Here
----------------2014-02-23
Any one have some meds I can temporarily bum off of them? I'm almost out. I need advil and a nasal decongestant/claritin.
I've got ibuprofen if you want it?
That's perfect. Can I come by and grab it?
I think I have a nasal decongestant
S/o to Joyce for blasting Frozen's "Let it Go" in Perkins
Did any seniors know about the Sati's event
I knew...
We all knew through a senior week email
Yup I knew too...
Well, damn
----------------2014-02-24
Everyone in section come downstairs!
For what
Who wants to study in gross chem? It'll be a blast...sort of
----------------2014-02-25
Anyone interested in quarter beers tonight?
----------------2014-02-26
Does anyone have cigarettes and a lighter I could use for a global health project? I wouldn't be using them just need them as a prop
Fede, I will not feed your addiction.
I have a lighter
Ok another question....anyone in section want to be in a video right now? It'll take max 15 min!
Does anyone have a calculator I could borrow for a 1:25PM exam?
I've got one, where are you?
You're clutch. I'm in blue express now
Test is in physics
I'll try to be in physics by 1:15.
I'm in refectory and I've got one
Jordan I'll see you in front of the physics building at 1:15ish?
Yeah I'm herenow
Anyone have one AAA battery I could have?
----------------2014-02-27
Does anyone wanna go to the women's basketball game?
So at uconn, there is a place with a $5 cover and they have nickel beers. You can get trashed on fifty cents
$5.50
The cover is a cover. Ten beers for fifty cents
You're still paying the 5 dollars...
^sunk cost right there
My name is Courtney and I kill dreams
#goconnecticut
Anand and I are hosting a Scandal watch party tonight in section at 10. All the Pope-obsessed are welcome
Olivia does no wrong
According to BuzzFeed, I am Olivia Pope.
^^me too Lauren
Would anyone be able to please drive me to buy beer tonight or tomorrow? I can buy you some too...
I can
Satis anyone?  And Lauren I can take you tomorrow
Thank you so much! I'll text you
Can we kick everyone out of the common room who disturbs our scandal-watching??
I'm handling it Audra
----------------2014-02-28
We should all go to inside joke's show tonight and see cosi!!
They might be sold out
I think if people don't show up they will try to squeeze you in but then again that doesn't guarantee either getting in or sitting together
After the show, come to Devine's!! We'll have 3 awesome bands from Duke, CH, & Winson-Salem playing from 9 until the DJ (who's played at Coffeehouse & LDOC) spins his own mixes from 11-2!! It's going to be great time! 
Question: does anyone have any blank CDs?
Yes
----------------2014-03-01
If you're at chapel hill we just called a cab
Fuck yea
ITS BRITTANY BITCHES
Would 2 or 3 people be willing to come to northgate with me at 3:45 to film a video? It won't take very long (like maybe an hour tops) and I will reward you with food of your choice...cookout perhaps?
Also it's Emily cohens birthday today so she brought cake. Make sure to wish her a happy birthday tonight!
Awkkk I have cupcakes haha.
Bigs don't forget to bring your gifts directly to the smart home if you haven't already!!
----------------2014-03-02
Are people still at smart home?
Yeah
I'm headed back!
Trying to turn up
I'm sober again
Is anyone up who has gloves I can borrow for tonight?
I have gloves in section where are you
Can someone let me into section?
Did anyone grab a beige Polo hoodie? It belongs to my friend. Also, I have a set of Audi keys that were left on the counter top.
As I said before, if no One claims the Audi key, I got you bro
Has anyone worked much with Mathematica?
A little bit...depends on what you're trying to do
Ditto ^
Does anyone want to join a softball team? Hersh and I need two more people and the first game is tonight at 8:30.
Yeah. Do I need a glove?
If you have one you can bring it but they have some there. It's Team Allen Hawkes on IM Leagues
Anyone seen a plastic bag full of books and DVDs?
----------------2014-03-03
with all of these cancelled classes we've been having, we might have to start worrying about our accreditation.
Does anyone in section have an iPad I could borrow tomorrow night from 5:30-10:30?
Yup!
Thanks!! You're the best
----------------2014-03-04
Anyone want to do a Quiznos run with me for lunch?
If anyone in section is hungry, I thought I ordered 3 slices of pizza and instead got 3 pizzas... So come down to the common room.
Aw hell yeah
Anyone have an iphone 4 charger in perkins? 
Free food in languages building for Madrid gras!
*mardi
----------------2014-03-05
Does anyone have any bob Marley themed attire I could borrow for tonigh
I do. Stop by room
If anyone in section heads over to Perkins in the next several hours... can you grab something from my room on the way? I'm lazy as shiiiit
I am. What is it?
Motifs textbook and blue workbook, should be on the floor somewhere. Thanks big!
----------------2014-03-06
Satis tonight anyone?
Yes
YES
Anything happening in section before 10?
Yeah! I totally found a handle of fireball in the common room
Come under the BC! Chance is coming here for meet n greet!
Has anyone seen my umbrella? It's floral and was in the doorway
Anyone have a GameCube controller that I could borrow?
What are people up to yo?
Making a list of emojis I wished existed
Talking about boy girl tensions in the sophomore class
SCANDALLL
Has anyone not left for west village yet that would be willing to give me and a friend a ride there?
----------------2014-03-07
Can someone grab my wallet from my desk and bring it to towerview in 5?
Who all is headed into Cameron right now? Connor and I are gonna head up to the seats
Were in section 14
Then turn left
None
Tent check
Rager in Quinn's room after this p check.
Let's Do This!!!!
What's the chance they come by twice? #live
You'll never know unless you try
----------------2014-03-08
If you're not going to be in Cameron tonight, where are people watching the game? Common room, or loop bar, or somewhere else?
Andrew, I'll go to the loop with you!
Does anyone still in section have suspenders?
Quad volleyball now!
1. These fig newtons floating in chacarron is probably one of the saddest things I've ever seen. 2. Does anyone want uncooked spaghetti, Parmesan cheese, or croutons?? Left over from smart home dinner!! Take it home to your family!
La gente Esta Muy loca
Can someone lemme in?
Who has my blue paint?
Guys br 2nd floor
Bring it to Kville now please :)
We're in front of the Tentagon
Overheard in kVille: My dick is blue! #gthc
Julian and I are thirty minutes out
Is there anyone in section who can see if there's a mini Marshall picture in the Ammon room?
None
Somebody go sit on our bench!
Somebody send a freshman, quick!
Naaah burn that bench
Let it play out
Autri just volunteered to build us a new bench!
NO!!!! Actually though, the paint we used released carcinogens when burned!!!!!
Pledge! Build a new bench!
No!!! Don't burn it!!!
Autri, we're not burning the bench.
One builds a bench to be burnt, not to sit idle on the sidelines
Agreed
But is burning a bench not sidelining it for all eternity?
Slash giving people cancer
I'll send you guys a check next year reimbursing the bench costs if it gets burnt
Guys seriously!!!! Carcinogens!!'
A benches value is not measured by the length of its lifetime but by the height of its flames
Also the wood is never supposed to be burned... We bought the wrong kind, like the kind that's dangerous to burn.
If all the other benches jumped into a fire would our bench jump too?
Guys they're burning the cooper bench
Our bench is already gone
But those high flames will invariably fall to ashes, from which no Phoenix can rose
Alright Autri you're rebuilding one over spring break
NOOOOO SIT ON IT AND STOP THEM!!!!!
Bench is saved! Bagels told dean sue it's treated wood
Plot twist, autri and Julian carried the bench to the fires ????
Logan and i are squatting on it in front of d sog
----------------2014-03-16
If anyone wants a late night cookout run I'm contemplating one now
Does anyone have an ice pack?
Yeah my room in the freezer go in and grab it
Thank you!!
----------------2014-03-19
Has anyone seen my duke card?
----------------2014-03-20
there is no enforcement for tshirts. its basically a free-for-all!!
Come to Crowell archway to hear me (talk dirty to you)
----------------2014-03-21
Hey guys, would anyone be willing to spare about 30 minutes to be my cameraman/woman? I'll give you $5.
I can do it in five minutes
Okay awesome! I'm in the lot behind section
Arielle killin it with the Pfrosh
D'aww thanks girl!
Becky denaris' memorial starts in front of the chapel in 3 mins if anyone's interested
Someone come get usssssss
Pleaaaaaaase
We're at Erwin mill and don't want to walk a mile
Someone who's sober can take my car to get her
Yo I'm coming to Erwin mill now
Wtffff
YES COME GET ME
No I'm walking no wheels
Justin and I are coming.
Jon, Keppel, and I are on route
Pick us up at Erwin mill???
Please
Pick me up here
We're in a duke van. No can do
----------------2014-03-22
Lost my duke card somewhere in section. Helppp
Can anyone drive me to Blair's so I can pick up my car?
When?
As soon as possible would be ideal
Is 1pm okay?
I found a ride-thanks so much tho for the offer
Can people meet me on Towerview in five minutes to unload massive amounts of alcohol and trash?
Seriously 30 seconds away please come help
Where are stakes, etc for the volleyball net?
Who has speakers and wants to enable Molly and I to watch frozen??
----------------2014-03-24
Don't be the enabler
----------------2014-04-01
Any one seen the Kanjam frisbee?
